another spicy dish that's a great
favorite of Mines is stir-fry beef would
orange it comes from northern China
where beef is eaten much more often than
in other parts of China for this you
need 12 ounce of lean beef and you need
to cut this into strips against the
grain like this I'm using fill it but
because I think it has much more flavor
but you can use rump steak if you wish
now if you find that it's difficult to
to cut meat like this fresh I suggest
you put it in the freezer for about 20
minutes until it gets nice and hard
don't freeze it through thoroughly but
just freeze it till it's hard and then
you can cut it makes it much easier to
do then take the beef and put it into a
bowl next I'm going to put it in a
flavorful marinade and this is important
because I'm going to stir-fry very
quickly and it won't have time to
develop flavor and the marinade will
give it good flavor I'm beginning with 2
TSP of dark soy sauce 2 TSP of rice wine
or use dry sherry if you can't get rice
wine 1 TSP of fresh ginger finely
chopped so I had a nice bite to this
dish 1 TSP of corn flour which will help
bind the marinade to the beef and
finally 1 TSP of sesame oil take that
and mix it very well
and this is what it should look like
when it's thoroughly mixed allowed to
sit at room temperature for about 20
minutes so that all that marinade can
seep into the beef now I'd like to show
you the 3 spice ingredient that are
going into this dish the first
ingredient is dried red chillies the
second one is Sichuan peppercorns that
have been roasted and ground and finally
fresh orange peel coarsely chopped
traditionally this recipe uses dry
citrus peel but I'm using fresh orange
peel which is just as nice now I'm ready
to cook the dish this is a two-stage
process where the beef is stir-fried
first and then taken out and then the
other ingredients of spices are added to
the wok and I'm going to begin first by
heating up the wok before adding the oil
so that the oil can coat the surface of
the wall keeping the food from sticking
and when the wok is hot I'm going to add
two and a half fluid ounce of ground nut
I like to use ground nut but you can use
corn oil if you wish I'm sure to swirl
that around like this and I'm using a
one hand the wok because I'm stir frying
and here I have some meat that's been
marinating for 20 minutes and all that
marinade has seeped right into the meat
then when it's hot I going to add the
beef and surprise this is the first
stage
and continue to do this until the meat
starts losing its red color smell good
now quickly take the meat out and put it
through a strainer like that leaving
about 1 tablespoon of oil or so in to
walk and the second stage will be to add
some dried chili which - I'm using -
here and I've cut them in half I'm going
to use that to flavor the oil and
depending how hot you like it leave it
in if you really want to hunt leave it
in longer then take the meat and return
it to the wok
and now I'm going to add the rest of the
seasoning one tablespoon of fresh orange
peel coarsely chopped
half a teaspoon of the Szechuan
peppercorns and this will add a nice
taste to this whole dish two teaspoon of
dark soy sauce as this is a northern
Chinese recipe try to use a pinch of
salt which is I think is 21 teaspoon of
sugar and this will moderate the hot
chili and finally finish this off with a
half a teaspoon of sesame oil give that
a nice stir because if all the flavors
can get in there and you can smell the
fresh orange peel just coming right
through and see how quickly it this dish
can come together it's really lovely
with all those chopped orange peel and
chilies all mingling together mmm
delicious